
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="agenda">Agenda</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Update on Space access</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New space discussion</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Maker Faire preparation</div>
<ol>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> What are we showing</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> List of evening activities for following weeks</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PR Material</div>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Moving the laser to G10</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Anything else</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Agenda" [1-246] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit2" id="attendees">Attendees</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Alex Angell, Sam Willcocks, David Henshall, Tarim, Katie Dumont, Nathan Dumont, Barney Livingston, Patrick Neave, Tim Winship, David Wyatt (note-taker)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Attendees" [247-423] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit3" id="notes">Notes</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Hackspace access:</strong> </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim has ordered 4 more conventional keys - needs payment for £120 to building management in due course</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Leave one key at Bristol Wireless? - leave a list of people who can get them too!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim has spoken to BV&#039;s approved locksmith (Simon) to get quote for changing the lock on the outside door to a Yale-type lock (but with more complicated/expensive keys) that locks automatically when the door shuts, to stop the door being left open - unofficially this would be “less than £350” - and we could then potentially get sets of keys to that door (cut ourselves) rather than BV. We could then leave an RFID keyfob in the space to open other doors in BV. </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: Put a key in a locked cashbox? &amp; get keys cut to that?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> We&#039;d still want to charge a deposit, probably, to stop people losing the keys</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Particularly an issue because of the number of new people last week!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>New Hackspace space:</strong> Poppy is probably moving to Phase 2 so we could have first refusal on her space (the one at the back on the right, with the sink) - and Jenny might be moving too (one of the tenants of the walled-off space) - Gareth is the person who rents the sculpture area</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Moving the lasercutter to G10:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Matt says: this&#039;d require mingling the Hackspace space (sublet from another Matt) with their space; also need everyone else in G10 to sign a document, and a better extractor fan</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Mingling spaces: yes, we&#039;re happy with this - PN will email Matt</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Issue of what tools we&#039;ve got in there… Some publicity needed - take some pictures &amp; put them up in the space/on the website?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Need signage to indicate what&#039;s Hackspace property and what isn&#039;t to be touched</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Form: probably will be sorted in due course</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Extraction: what do we need? Bathroom extractor fan e.g. <a href="http://www.screwfix.com/p/manrose-chrome-white-25w-in-line-centrifugal-shower-fan-kit/41379" class="urlextern" title="http://www.screwfix.com/p/manrose-chrome-white-25w-in-line-centrifugal-shower-fan-kit/41379"  rel="nofollow">http://www.screwfix.com/p/manrose-chrome-white-25w-in-line-centrifugal-shower-fan-kit/41379</a> ? Plus some kind of vent arrangement</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Lock the lasercutter when not used? Keyswitch on top of the lasercutter to allow it to be locked. Leave key in G11.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> KD: lock the keys to G10/lasercutter down to something in G11 with a combination lock to which Hackspace members know code, to prevent misuse. Tarim thinks this is unlikely to be a problem. Ask Dominic? PN will. ND: Also promotes hackspace membership - diversity + money</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>New space: (crowdfunding)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: set up a “donation” scheme where people can pay for ~6 months membership upfront to give us the funds to expand - then doesn&#039;t give us a guaranteed income past 6 months but we have time to build up the monthly subscriptions</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: we&#039;re stuck in the catch-22 of needing more members to get more money to get a bigger space to get more members - so a kickstarter-thing would help us to do that</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Recruiting people at the maker faire: collect emails for a newsletter in the first instance with a clipboard, then send a kickstarter out to them - BL: or type it into an old computer, and print out on the till-roll printer!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: we do have to watch out for over-promising… KD: even last week there were too many people (28)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: next steps: gather email addresses, keep looking for spaces… Discussion of spaces e.g. the Oldmarket space: currently cheap but prices are planned to go up £3k/yr - owner seemed reasonable - issue of changing use?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> ND: need specific targets in order to galvanise activity - PN: but in the timescale when we could move, any specific building will be gone</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: place in Redfield might be worth a look, if it was 6months free &amp; 12months half rent</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: better to plot out our ideal space, lay out how we&#039;d use the space (poss based on an existing space)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: G11/BV will be cheap for a small amount of space, but more expensive for more space - but it would be zero risk if we expand within BV, then shift to a new space once we&#039;re paying as much as we would be paying for an industrial unit</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: but we&#039;re losing people when they see it&#039;s too crowded - SW: do we know whether is this actually the case? DW: at least one person responded to a survey to say so</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: start another social night? - KD: but people come along for the social aspect - Tuesday is picking up - i.e. it&#039;s working but slowly - DH: will work better once there are more people coming on different nights </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: worth doing publicity - Dave Stewart was doing a good job last Thursday of showing new people around - need to emphasise to new people that it&#039;s not crowded at other times!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Maker Faire:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> What are we showing:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Touch table: just use it as a screen? slideshow of the hackspace - can detect pokes, but not where they are…</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Old computers: John H can lend some of his old computers, as long as they can be transported &amp; watched over by other people</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Plotters: John H will be running them</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> T-shirts: heat press not ordered yet - KD to forward email to DW &amp; he&#039;ll order one, as long as Matt hasn&#039;t</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Transport: (for touch table &amp; John&#039;s computers) - put a call out on the list?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Activities after Maker Faire:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> PN: just a list of workshop topics for people to sign up against - needs someone committed to running a workshop for a topic, &amp; if enough people sign up they will be run</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Could be just a Tuesday night, not a whole weekend! - evening workshops are easier to organise/run</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Topics:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Arduinos!</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> OpenSCAD</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Raspberry Pi</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> SMT soldering</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> 3D printing</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Laser cutting</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> PCB layout (/PCB milling)</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Through-hole soldering</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Transistor circuits</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> 555 circuits</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> PR material:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Quickly!</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> BL: Need info to put on them</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> PN: Need pictures of our equipment - we have plenty of pictures of lathe</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> KD: make up business cards to advertise events - £2.99 for 100 from Staples or something - BL: for Brighton they had some useful things on the back e.g. resistor colour code - ND: he gave out 60 cards at Brighton ⇒ we need plenty, like 200-odd</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> BL: poster-sized map of UK with all hackspaces, not just Bristol</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> DH: a few posters could be printed at UWE under the radar, more than that would be difficult</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> DH: Postcard with QR code for website</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Stand-up poster thing: SW has one, but the printing is probably the expensive bit</div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Budget to spend on it? </div>
</li>
<li class="level4"><div class="li"> Who to make the artwork?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>AOB:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Contact form: where should it go? a submitter should be possible to choose whether it goes to whole mailing list (for announcements of events of interest - needs approval to combat spam?) or specifically about joining etc. - just a radio button on the form</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Newsletter: SW: Mailchimp do a free mailing list if you have &lt;2000 subscribers</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BOTLab AGM: after Maker Faire, after Mike has compiled final accounts for BOTLab - has to be &lt;14months from 16 Feb 2012 - say Tues 16 April?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Payment mechanism: PayPal vs standing orders? PayPal is easier to set up c.f. bank (?), others ideologically object to PayPal, there are some advantages to PayPal re. monitoring subscriber lists but also some issues with having to “deliver products” before receiving money</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> These meetings: PN: worth continuing, perhaps every 2 months - DW: seem a better way to conduct business than BOTLab committee meetings?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Notes" [424-] -->