
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="open_meeting_3_june_2013">Open meeting 3 June 2013</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Open meeting 3 June 2013" [1-40] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="agenda">Agenda</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BV Studios Open Weekend (14-16 June)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> More electrical sockets in the space (proposed by Ian S)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Arrangements for use of the 3D printer (proposed by David W)</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Agenda" [41-229] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Barney Livingston, Jon Dowling, David Wyatt (minute-taker), Russell Dicken, David Henshall, Tarim
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Attendees" [230-350] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="topics_discussed">Topics discussed</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Air compressor (DW):</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DW has seen one on the work noticeboard for £10 - 3l - do we want it? no tools - probably get it…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Generator (DH): if we had one we could set up outdoors - in the past we were invited to do something outside for the Civic Society? Tarim: better to hire one, we don&#039;t have to store it &amp; petrol - &amp; if you are doing low-voltage then use a lead-acid battery (+inverter) - battery might help, and also solve PAT testing problems at Maker Faires etc. - wait for an occasion &amp; then think about getting one</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: on a similar note, Russ was wondering about getting PAT testing eqpt &amp; training - £400 total, £200 for kit &amp; for training + insurance on top - not immediately but for the wish list… - might need top-up training</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BV Studios open weekend: </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Friday 14 June evening to Sun 16 June - Tarim can be around for some of it but not in advance - Richard &amp; Anton cooking something up?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> 3d printer: would be nice to run it - Ian &amp; Russell might be able to run it for some time - &amp; Alex&#039;s Rostock - print non-engineering parts, or maybe engineering!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> John might run plotters - &amp; vinyl cutter?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Ask Richard to bring Sketchy - &amp; polar plotter, perhaps from Q</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Arthur&#039;s projects</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Anton woodturning?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Robert would like a list of what we&#039;re going to put on - doesn&#039;t want to be sued! Here we go: <a href="/dwiki/doku.php?id=bv_open_studios_2013" class="wikilink2" title="bv_open_studios_2013" rel="nofollow">BV Open Studios 2013</a> - DW will email</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> More plug sockets (IS):</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> How? hanging from ceiling? too difficult - simplest &amp; cheapest is to put them on the walls</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Then how to get walls to tables? cable mats over extension leads</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Where: IS suggests 8 more double sockets - on a certain layout</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Who to sort it out? Have to speak to Robert. Has to be someone there during the day - Matt? Ed? DH will ask them</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Lock: Tarim has been ringing locksmith (Simon Stadden) but he hasn&#039;t got back about costs… Tarim will pass on contact details to DW</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Locks and security: DH has spoken to Penny: she &amp; Robert would like to know who&#039;s using BV, so they are concerned about lots of Hackspace people using them - so what they want is that they directly hand out keys, arrangement is between BV and individuals not Hackspace - BV holds keyholders&#039; addresses</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Thursday nights are not a problem - enough people around to keep an eye</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Seems like a good system in a way… - </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Advantage is we don&#039;t have to chase people to get keys back from them</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Send a list to Penny of current cardholders? Perhaps a good idea</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Getting cards/fob to/from Penny outside working hours: get in touch with her by email &amp; ask her to leave key in the hackspace in a named envelope</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> So we won&#039;t spend money on a new lock for the glass door, but will on plugs</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Another issue: keys to the glass door for Thursdays and workshops etc. - have a small number given to responsible people and ensure they lock door later</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH will talk to Penny about this</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH has discovered that </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 3d printer:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Standard process - induction + pay-per-use</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Documentation: Russell will do this</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Russell, Ian, DW will sit down &amp; discuss induction</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Consumables: we have a fair amount atm but we should hide the ABS so people don&#039;t use it - charge by machine time, £5/hr? or £1/hr for use of the machine with their own filament</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Payment for inductions: £10 towards hackspace</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Start making a collection of reprap parts? not really needed - enough members have them… - some other </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Stick to PLA! instructions, sign on printer!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <abbr title="Local Area Network">LAN</abbr> party (JD):</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DEE planning another workshop in “a month or so” on 31 May</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Appropriate date: Sat 22 June?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS will check &amp; send an email to the list to announce it</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Shelving</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DEE interested in storage - about a shelf of</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Issue of toilet just outside G11… DH to ask Penny if it can be brought into use</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: we have enough parts to make another set of shelves on the end of the existing one - find out if building needs access to the drain underneath it, another space underneath window</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Fridge is unnecessarily big for the usage!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Locker not an efficient use of space - put things on the racking</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Space for proper set of recycling bins underneath space</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS will organise this</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Paint the floor? maybe have a go… despite Dave S&#039;s father&#039;s scepticism</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DEE&#039;s storage? under continuous review - we&#039;re happy to help them, and 1 workshop per month is reasonable, but more than that is perhaps a bit excessive - needs to be fair</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> DH: we helped out at IT MegaMeet at weekend (Russell, Anton, DH) (3d printer, Sketchy, Pizano Wheel) &amp; won a Community Support Award</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Topics discussed" [351-] -->