
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="present">Present</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Patrick Neave, Alex Angell, Sam Willcocks, Matt Venn, Nathan Dumont, David Stewart, Jon Dowling, David Henshall, Tarim, Ian Stratford, Barney Livingston, David Wyatt (minute-taker) 
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Present" [1-206] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit2" id="overall_concensus">overall concensus</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
we want more members. More members = more use of the space, equals more money for a larger space, equals a definite need for a larger space, equals more tools and more cool stuff happening.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "overall concensus" [207-428] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit3" id="notes">Notes</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Patrick&#039;s presentation</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Aim of this meeting: start to decide how to proceed, make it official</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> The problem: too little space…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Options: Stay, expand within BV, move to a new space</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Does anyone think we don&#039;t need to move? Matt: yes - underused except on Thursdays</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Patrick presents numbers ⇒ we need more money for a bigger space (he suggests 2000sqft)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> ⇒ options are increase membership, increase subscriptions</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> People paying £10/month coming along rarely might not want to increase contributions?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Figures for people who never come back after a Thursday? Catch-22: the open night is the most crowded, so least appealing…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Likelihood of more space in G11? Poppy going to be moving out soon (?) - solar people? special people with more space to store stuff</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Patrick&#039;s figures: £17k/yr for commercial rent in a 2000sqft unit</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> No urgency - we&#039;re not being thrown out</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> 100 members @ £20/month</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Patrick&#039;s vision for the hackspace:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Concrete-floored workshop space</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Carpeted, desk-equipped space for knitting circles/hackkids</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Centre of Bristol</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: What&#039;s the problem we&#039;re trying to solve?</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> David H: space that people can use in the way (when) they want</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Patrick: wants to grow the space</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> DH: Bristol could support a bigger hackspace - 100 members ⇒ space, facilities, equipment, - IS: bigger community gives a variety of influences, diversity, workshops - also, mechanical people need more space than electronics</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Patrick: access is a problem</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Tarim: any chance that could be solved within BV? Patrick: G11 is not big enough for 100 members - Nathan: wrong type of space because it&#039;s only one space, noise &amp; messiness issues</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> DH: short &amp; long term problems </div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> DS: space puts people off - we could do more - and space is not big enough for &gt;3 people to *work*</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Tarim: doesn&#039;t want to move to an even larger space that&#039;s even more underused &amp; costs more money &amp; lose BV space</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Existing space is underused - lack of equipment? or lack of promotion? - nothing to promote?</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> DH: majority of subscriptions paid by people who turn up on a Thurs evening - nice social event, exchange of knowledge</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> IS: G10 + G11 would be ideal, with G10 being messy space - could we encourage other current tenants to move to Phase 2? - bit by bit - BV is well managed, cheap, good location, and we could always scale back again - Poppy possibly moving out end of Feb - possible issues with too much hackspace, but all the artists are interested whenever they come in</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> DS: £4500 in the bank atm [though some is owing to BV &amp; electricity company] - more than a year&#039;s worth of rent - allows us not to risk the Hackspace</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Patrick: can&#039;t make plans, and working piecemeal</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Patrick: crowdfund the expansion? 1000 Twitter followers (half imaginary?!)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Summary so far: Can&#039;t get more space without more members unless we crowdfund: Patrick&#039;s idea 100 people £200 each, 1 year&#039;s membership for free - give us the money upfront for negotiating with landlord, spend excess on equipment</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Message for Maker Faire? Needs to be decided</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Survey Bristol: what do they want? £20/month for a community workshop? - Barney: surveys are not very helpful</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> DS: most people want a bigger space - <strong>concrete proposal:</strong> set out a <del>vision statement</del> written version of what we want to achieve</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Matt: issue is space getting better utilised? Barney: most hackspaces are like that - members have day jobs, if we had more members people would be using it more</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Everybody likes to turn up on Thursdays because we&#039;re one social group - if there was a different group that used it on a different night that&#039;d use it more - if had 3x members there&#039;d be 3x people in the space all the time, if not more if you have critical mass/network effects</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Alex: do we focus on what we have, rather than what we do or can offer? DH: workshops are a strain, don&#039;t want to commit to doing them often</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> DS: dichotomy between Thursday nights &amp; rest-of-the-week - most of the people …</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tarim: move the open night to another night to stop people leaving because they think it&#039;s too busy - but we don&#039;t want it to be too </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tarim &amp; IS: find out why people who leave don&#039;t come back - perhaps appoint someone each evening to greet newcomers</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Patrick: have a “cosy corner” where new people can be taken to sit down &amp; have the hackspace explained to them</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Patrick: <strong>concrete proposal:</strong> page on website with benefits of joining, along with a paper copy to be given to people when they arrive, poster with QR codes? for website, join mailing list; capture their information &amp; email them in a month to find out why they haven&#039;t joined?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sam: <strong>concrete proposal:</strong> have a members-only mailing list? for discussing things like this which only paying members can access? Sam will set up</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Patrick: this is a useful meeting to have regularly</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> DH: plenty of kickstarter-type organisations, can do a speculative proposal - and can iterate if necessary</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Matt: Artspace Lifespace are moving out of current Bristol College location, looking at renting a new warehouse space somewhere - might we want to work with them? We need to tell them what we want (how much space), how much cash we can bring (£6k/annum), what activities, what collaborations? - whole bunch of people wanting to move together, collective of people needing big workshops, mostly metal-hitting/angle-grinding</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Consensus: we want more members!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Patrick: other groups are interested in sharing space, but we don&#039;t think they should be spatially segregated - use it on different nights or just share facilities</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Notes" [429-6208] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit4" id="actions">Actions</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Members-only mailing list: Sam will set this up</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Extra space in G11, G10, G12: Matt has asked for first refusal on any extra space in this end of BV, Poppy is most likely to be moving out soon</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Everyone to review minutes</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Write a vision statement: member benefits, aims, what we can offer - David Stewart and Barney Livingston</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Investigate crowdfunding platforms: David Henshall</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Improve reception of newcomers: David Stewart (to organise)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Communicate with Artspace Lifespace: Matt to send them our minutes &amp; find out more about what they&#039;re interested in, &amp; send details to list for people interested in going to meeting on Sunday</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Next meeting: March 4 - to talk about crowdfunding? set up questionnaire to ask if you&#039;d pay £20/month for new space; plan for influx of new people after Maker Faire (Saturday open day the weekend after Maker Faire, and a sequence of other events/workshops: 3d printing, repair cafe) - Patrick and Tarim to organise - write an agenda - crowdfunding, maker faire, general quest for more members
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Actions" [6209-] -->