a:2:{s:7:"current";a:9:{s:4:"date";a:2:{s:7:"created";i:1397676265;s:8:"modified";i:1398323505;}s:7:"creator";s:9:"Patrick N";s:4:"user";s:7:"patrick";s:11:"last_change";a:7:{s:4:"date";i:1398323505;s:2:"ip";s:13:"87.113.40.242";s:4:"type";s:1:"E";s:2:"id";s:27:"botlab:openmeeting_20140408";s:4:"user";s:6:"dwyatt";s:3:"sum";s:19:"[Topics discussed] ";s:5:"extra";s:0:"";}s:11:"contributor";a:1:{s:6:"dwyatt";s:11:"David Wyatt";}s:5:"title";s:39:"Hackspace members' meeting 8 April 2014";s:11:"description";a:2:{s:15:"tableofcontents";a:4:{i:0;a:4:{s:3:"hid";s:38:"hackspace_members_meeting_8_april_2014";s:5:"title";s:39:"Hackspace members' meeting 8 April 2014";s:4:"type";s:2:"ul";s:5:"level";i:1;}i:1;a:4:{s:3:"hid";s:6:"agenda";s:5:"title";s:6:"Agenda";s:4:"type";s:2:"ul";s:5:"level";i:2;}i:2;a:4:{s:3:"hid";s:9:"attendees";s:5:"title";s:9:"Attendees";s:4:"type";s:2:"ul";s:5:"level";i:2;}i:3;a:4:{s:3:"hid";s:16:"topics_discussed";s:5:"title";s:16:"Topics discussed";s:4:"type";s:2:"ul";s:5:"level";i:2;}}s:8:"abstract";s:312:"Agenda

	*  Process for electing new committee at the AGM
	*  What to do with donated electronics
	*  Use of new space in G10/G11
	*  Any proposals for equipment to purchase

Attendees

	*  Russell D
	*  Patrick N
	*  David W (minute-taker)
	*  Kai B
	*  John D
	*  Pam
	*  Tom G
	*  David H
	*  Toby S
	*  Tarim";}s:8:"relation";a:2:{s:10:"references";a:1:{s:10:"3boxsystem";b:1;}s:10:"firstimage";s:0:"";}s:8:"internal";a:2:{s:5:"cache";b:1;s:3:"toc";b:1;}}s:10:"persistent";a:5:{s:4:"date";a:2:{s:7:"created";i:1397676265;s:8:"modified";i:1398323505;}s:7:"creator";s:9:"Patrick N";s:4:"user";s:7:"patrick";s:11:"last_change";a:7:{s:4:"date";i:1398323505;s:2:"ip";s:13:"87.113.40.242";s:4:"type";s:1:"E";s:2:"id";s:27:"botlab:openmeeting_20140408";s:4:"user";s:6:"dwyatt";s:3:"sum";s:19:"[Topics discussed] ";s:5:"extra";s:0:"";}s:11:"contributor";a:1:{s:6:"dwyatt";s:11:"David Wyatt";}}}