
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="agenda">Agenda</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> New space available in G10</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Best use of additional space</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The finer points of member storage now that our membership is increasing and potential members are asking about storage</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> DEE&#039;s proposal and how the hackspace can accept working businesses as members (workshops, fees, insurance and non members being in the space)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What constitutes a hackspace member (related to 4) and how we can formalize the process</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pay someone to take on an admin/promotional role for the hackspace.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Clarification / Formalisation of process for purchasing equipment with Hackspace Funds</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mitch Altman soldering workshop on May 11th. Decide price and how many places. Allocate roles for obtaining soldering equipment and publicity.</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Agenda" [1-758] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit2" id="attendees">Attendees</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Tarim, David Henshall, Patrick Neave, Barney Livingston, Jon Dowling, Alexa Mottram (visitor), ? (visitor), Daniel Quiggin from DEE, Sam Willcocks, Russell Dicken, Ian Stratford, David Wyatt (minute-taker)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Attendees" [759-989] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit3" id="notes">Notes</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>G10 space</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> We have an increasing membership and enough money ⇒ confirmed.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Using space</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: </div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> put desks in new space in G11, keep clean/clear, use for laptops on Thurs or workshops</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> messy space in G10: bench to </div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Poppy&#039;s space: sofa, knitting, sewing? craft</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> SW: Arthur&#039;s keen to have the touch table out somewhere</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: clean up the sink &amp; use Poppy&#039;s space for kitchenette</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> SW has made a plan…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Soldering area should stay - not have too many tables</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Moveable/foldable tables - in the architects&#039; space</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BL: Power points: run stuff along the ceiling? Do it properly. PN: also networking</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim offered to talk to Robert about putting things on the ceiling.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: make it moveable</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Shelves: on wall space? in front of door, separating us from Gareth&#039;s space?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Storage</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> For each member: a small box?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: 9l is too small</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> SW: Nottinghack offer 35l boxes</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Insurance issue? Tarim: insurance doesn&#039;t cover it</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: Better to make the base level too small than too big - could end up with 40x 35l boxes - make people think what they leave</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Example: long wall in new space is 4.2m, <a href="http://www.reallyusefulproducts.co.uk/uk/html/onlineshop/rub/b35_0litre.php" class="urlextern" title="http://www.reallyusefulproducts.co.uk/uk/html/onlineshop/rub/b35_0litre.php"  rel="nofollow"> 35l boxes</a> are 40cm wide &amp; 30cm high ⇒ we could get 10 wide x 5ish high = 50 boxes on that wall</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Provisionally, allocate a 35l box per member included in subscription but get people to buy their boxes</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Businesses in the hackspace</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DQ gave some background on DEE: community interest company not making profit, spoken to Matt, moved out of current space, 1 workshop/month - proposes a trial workshop - he&#039;s from the university so they could use a space there, but low-income families are intimidated by the university… - currently he&#039;s joined as a member paying £50/month</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: complicates matters with rates relief, &amp; building owners might not be happy with us subletting to a business but if they join as individuals that&#039;s less of a problem - DQ confirms they have insurance to run workshops wherever</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Money coming to hackspace from their workshops? </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tying up the hackspace space? DEE would like to develop a relationship with hackspace - 8-10 people + 2 facilitators - approx size of meeting table in Pervasive Media Studio</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Storage? DQ: if storage is an issue they&#039;ll go elsewhere - in total they&#039;d want approx a wall&#039;s worth of shelving! a couple of boxes would be useful</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: DEE fits with botlab aims from constitution</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DQ: proposal: not store anything, run a workshop there this weekend, tidy up after themselves, see how it works &amp; what people&#039;s reactions are</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: DEE could look for more space in BV Studios for storage for convenience, and use the hackspace for workshops</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> How often? Once a month</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Whole point is to spread knowledge &amp; skills</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: last Sun of every month is HackKids - need to keep track of calendar - side note: need to put this on the website &amp; combine disparate calendars</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> General view is positive for a trial at least</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: invite more groups now we have more space?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Hackspace membership</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Process goes through too many stages - some people join &amp; we don&#039;t know who they are! </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> RD: maybe make the “open” list an “Associate Membership”? Consensus: not really - don&#039;t want people to expect something</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Distinguish between newsletter list &amp; main list (&amp; members list)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: what makes a member - how do we handle groups? esp. if groups aren&#039;t generally interested in hackspace activities</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BL: don&#039;t want people coopting bits of the space or claiming they can avoid paying because of work they put in</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: best option is people joining as individuals</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Paying administrators?</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> SW: Matt said a US hackspace had paid someone to work on advocating the space &amp; it had paid off in terms of members etc.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: CentreSpace coop have an administrator - but they&#039;re quite big, we&#039;re not in a position to do that now</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: would need to be clear what we&#039;d want someone to do</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DW: unneccessary at this point - DH: want to build community organically</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: need to consolidate, show we can use new space appropriately</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: plenty of advertising opportunities - IS: better to advertise once we&#039;ve got something to advertise - DH: need more blog posts! - DQ: DEE have a newsletter &amp; they could publicise it through that - DH: syndicate blog posts</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Equipment purchasing</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DW: Presumed-consent fund was suggested before - but this was when we were spending less on rent…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Ask people to donate/pledge for equipment</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: start approaching companies &amp; asking for old eqpt etc? BL: as long as it&#039;s no-strings</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: 2 categories: need-to-have, which Hackspace should supply, and nice-to-have which people should pledge for</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> RD: specific example: Kinect? IS: pledge drive for that item, then owned by the hackspace</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: storing functional hackspace-owned items? - SW: allocate storage space - JD: add description of how things work &amp; what we use it for - put hackspace stickers on our eqpt</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: have a poster in hackspace with people&#039;s photos on - PN: or 3d models of people&#039;s heads?!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: committee is a backstop - judges mood of hackspace and decides whether to put money in - members can crowdfund too</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> SW: make people join botlab when they join hackspace? That&#039;s how London does it - Tarim: better to leave it loosely-coupled?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Mitch Altman workshop</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: May 11th - Move to hackspace now we have the space - last time 12-20 people came</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: issue of plug sockets</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: PAT testing? DQ: DEE test all theirs, we could go in - Tarim: Robert would prefer everything PAT testing</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: #spaces? say 16</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> How much? £20 if nonmember, £10 if member + kits - Mitch brings kits, ~£15 each - TVBGone, trip glasses, LED cube</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: do we want workshops for existing members or to recruit new ones? - Tarim: encourage new members - don&#039;t encourage existing members</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: publicity needed - BL offers to do it</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Soldering: Nathan has offered to try to get some from Farnell - DQ: DEE have 25 PAT tested 80W soldering irons with fat tips - but probably too big… Tarim offers to coordinate</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Projector</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> The one we were talking about has gone, but we don&#039;t know if we won it…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Projectors are in general useful</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Projector in hackspace has a broken bulb &amp; costs £80 for a new one, 800&times;600</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: what do we want it for? JD: retro game night! - ask for donations for it via crowdfunding? - IS will do this</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: put the table computer on the wall?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: wants to play with structured light scanning, needs higher res - interested in running a 3d scanning workshop - RD has one he can bring</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BL: lock away the projector? consider </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Next meeting</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: Here or in the new space? Here - no distractions, beer</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: regular meetings here?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: every couple of months sounds good…</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Painting floor</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> When Scottish Dave gets some paint…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim will ask Robert about painting a hackspace logo on the floor</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Just the area where the concrete is</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong> Keys &amp; locks? </strong> </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: quote for keys &amp; locks for back door: £279 +VAT for back door lock he thinks Robert will be happy with, + 12 Abloy keys</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> IS: crowdfund? plenty of people would pay if they could get keys - or pay as hackspace infrastructure?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong> Other spaces </strong> IS: are we still pursuing? Yes - if it&#039;s in G11 - IS: put up a partition - DH: ask Gareth what he wants - Tarim: he&#039;s happy for us to take the space we&#039;ve got</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Notes" [990-] -->