
<h4 id="ideas">ideas</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Introduction to analogue electronics - free?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SMT workshop building Arduino nanos - £10? haven&#039;t worked out BOM</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> SMT workshop building boost boards - £5</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Laser induction - £20? - and would require membership</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wood lathe induction - </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> CNC induction - £50 - too pricey?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Raspberry Pi workshop - free</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 3D printing and openscad workshop - free</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Beginners Arduino workshop - include kit? might be too much work?</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4 id="suggestions_for_electronics_workshops">Suggestions for Electronics Workshops</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How to read electronic circuit diagrams (schematics, component identification)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> How to use electronic test equipment (multimeter, signal generator, scope, power supplies)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simple diode circuits (LED, rectifier, zener, TL431)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simple transistor circuits (amplifiers, oscillators, power supplies, power drivers)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 555 timer circuits (inc. noisemakers, e.g. the Atari Punk Console)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Op-amp circuits (amplifiers, oscillators, analog computers, signal conditioning)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Logic circuits (gates, flip-flops, counters, decoders, multiplexers, shift registers)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sensors and transducers (piezo, infra-red, microphones, hall-effect, temperature, pressure)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog (analog audio and video, analog mux, SPI/I2C DAC/ADC)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Circuit repair (common failures, fault-finding, testing)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Electronic music (synth circuits, guitar stomp-boxes, rhythm boxes)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4 id="offering_the_workshops">offering the workshops</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> have a signup list at the hackspace table,</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> take emails and for those workshops that require payment, or do via a laptop there,</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> get people to pay before hand via event brite or similar.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> have a suggestions box as well, take email and if we get enough people we can put something on that has been requested.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
