
<p>
I want to build a wearable computer.
</p>

<p>
I have <a href="http://www.snell-pym.org.uk/archives/2010/12/23/wearable-computers/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.snell-pym.org.uk/archives/2010/12/23/wearable-computers/"  rel="nofollow">written about this on my blog</a>, so I won&#039;t go into the eventual design here, so much as discuss my current subprojects…
</p>

<p>
Basically, as I have decided to go for “electronics embedded in transparent epoxy” as a way of ruggedising a wearable sufficient for my active lifestyle, I need means of human input that don&#039;t depend on things like pushbuttons. That basically boils down to:
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Cap sense, with metal pads embedded just below the surface of the epoxy</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Light sense, either with my fingers obscuring natural light from hitting an embedded sensor, or using a special stylus that shines light into sensors from a tiny LED</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Magnetic sensing of a magnetic stylus with Hall sensors</div>
</li>
</ol>

<p>
Cap sense is potentially useful, but veers into unfamiliar analogue territory for me. I don&#039;t think light sense will be reliable enough at avoiding false positives. So I&#039;m research the Hall sensors.
</p>

<p>
My first thought was to put a hall sensor everywhere I want a “button” and poke them with a magnet, but as hall sensors are able to detect the magnet at a distance of many centimetres, and can be had with an analogue output reflecting the field strength, I am currently doing feasability studies to see if I can use a few Hall sensors to detect the position of the stylus in at least two dimensions; perhaps three - and maybe even the full five axes of three-dimensional position and two rotational axes. Magnetic fields are directional, and Hall sensors are directional devices that reflect the field strength in their sensitive axis only - so there is enough information available to a group of six or more Hall sensors spread over all three perpendicular orientations to be able to tell the position, orientation, and strength of a magnet.
</p>

<p>
That might allow for an interesting gestural stylus interface for my wrist unit.
</p>
