
<h2 class="sectionedit1" id="arduino_workshop_profit_shopping_list">Arduino workshop profit shopping list</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Arduino workshop profit shopping list" [1-49] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="how_might_you_spend_500">How might you spend £500?</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Following the Hackspaces first Arduino Workshop we have some money we can spend on equipment.
</p>

<p>
What would you like to get?
</p>

<p>
- On one big piece of kit?
</p>

<p>
- On lots of small tools?
</p>

<p>
- Save it to buy a bigger piece of kit later?
</p>

<p>
Edit this page to add your suggestions 
(We will collect suggestions up until 18th August and then we can vote on what to do/get)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "How might you spend £500?" [50-445] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="long_term_items_to_get">Long term items to get</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Small CNC Mill – how about a CNC part funded by members who will make use of it most? This would stretch our money a bit further and could be fairer to people who have no cnc interest. Maybe then we could say that if you&#039;ve put up some cash towards it you get first use for a period of time? - Toby 
</p>

<p>
More temperature controlled soldering irons
</p>

<p>
A picoscope 
</p>

<p>
A laser cutter (could be a kit)
</p>

<p>
Sewing Machine - Aaron
</p>

<p>
Not exactly an item but I thought we could run a “Hackspace Bursary” scheme. For example we request people to submit an arduino project idea, we pick the most interesting and give them £100 towards materials. Conditions like you must be a member for x months prior to winning and that you demo your piece to Hackspace or Dorkbot within 2 months. This would get us a nice bit of press at launch / win / demo stages and could encourage membership to increase. -Toby
</p>

<p>
Boring idea - keep some money in the bank for unexpected events. - Toby
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Long term items to get" [446-1434] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="smaller_items_sundries_hand_tools">Smaller Items Sundries Hand Tools</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Dremel
</p>

<p>
Crocodile Clip Leads
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Smaller Items Sundries Hand Tools" [1435-1506] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="possible_pcb_etching_equipment">Possible PCB Etching Equipment</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Seno GS etching system (£10.49)
</p>

<p>
<a href="http://www.rapidonline.com/Tools-Fasteners-Production-Equipment/PCB-Equipment/Etching/Seno-GS-etching-system/29446/kw/Etching" class="urlextern" title="http://www.rapidonline.com/Tools-Fasteners-Production-Equipment/PCB-Equipment/Etching/Seno-GS-etching-system/29446/kw/Etching"  rel="nofollow">http://www.rapidonline.com/Tools-Fasteners-Production-Equipment/PCB-Equipment/Etching/Seno-GS-etching-system/29446/kw/Etching</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Possible PCB Etching Equipment" [1507-] -->