
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="bv_open_studios_2011">BV Open Studios 2011</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<a href="http://bvstudios.blogspot.com/" class="urlextern" title="http://bvstudios.blogspot.com/"  rel="nofollow">http://bvstudios.blogspot.com/</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "BV Open Studios 2011" [1-71] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="what">What</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Every year BV Studios opens its doors to the public to come and see what goes on.  It can be work in progress and is to show what goes on in BV as much as what anyone produces.  Bristol Hackspacers have been building various interactive sound making stuff.
</p>

<p>
Many thanks to everyone who came and helped - and all the people who visited us, played and had fun.  Lots of good feedback from both visitors and the other BV residents (but I hope we didn&#039;t chase Poppy away from G11 with all that automated xylophone.)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "What" [72-601] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="where">Where</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
We&#039;ve been offered the use of the kitchen as well as anything we want to put in our space in G11.  We should also be able to use the newly vacated area (thanks Mike) and our usual overspill into our friendly neighbourhood architects space.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Where" [602-859] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="when">When</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Friday 14th October - 6pm-9pm <br/>

Saturday 15th October - 11am-6pm <br/>

Sunday 16th October - 11am-6pm
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "When" [860-977] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="what1">What</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "What" [978-995] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="kitchen">Kitchen</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An innocuous set of tins along with drumstick (Richard)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Optical theromin reacting to hand gestures (Arran)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tilty - Noise generating box (Chocolate Jon)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Kitchen" [996-1178] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="newly_vacated_area">Newly vacated area</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pisano Wheels</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Plotter (John H)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Sketchy (Richard/Row)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Newly vacated area" [1179-1273] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="usual_overspill_area">Usual overspill area</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> TheEyesTheEyes (Richard)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Computer Henge (Adam)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Usual overspill area" [1274-1360] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit9" id="hackspace_area">Hackspace area</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A ball-bearing sequencer (Aaron) to control a set of instruments including:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Visual display of outputs (Chocolate John)</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Coconut (Row)</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Xylophone (Anton)</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Octophonic Sound (Chocolate John)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Game of Life (Nathan)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 3D Printer (Chocolate John)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "Hackspace area" [1361-1665] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit10" id="notes">Notes</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The pubic will be visiting over the weekend, so please remember, some people don&#039;t know what a soldering iron is and that they shouldn&#039;t pick it up by the hot end.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fire exit must be kept clear in the kitchen</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lights must be kept on in the kitchen</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> No trailing leads. Tape down or move anything that could be a trip hazard</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Don&#039;t leave hot soldering irons unattended</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "Notes" [1666-] -->