
<p>
There is a company lurking behind Hackspace called <strong>Bristol Open Technology Lab</strong> and it is a company limited by guarantee (no 07071572), known fondly to many as <strong>BotLab</strong>.
</p>

<p>
The company was set up in 2009 by our late friend Peter Ferne as a formal vehicle to allow both the Hackspace and other projects to operate formally, in terms of renting spaces, buying equipment and acquiring funding.  Pete himself and Mike Harris, who at the time was still involved in Dorkbot Bristol were the initial directors.
</p>

<p>
Since Pete&#039;s untimely death in 2010, Mike has acted as a caretaker director of BotLab and the one legally responsible for preparing the accounts, paying the rent and sending the forms to Companies House.  
</p>

<p>
Now, over two years from it&#039;s formation, it&#039;s time to move things on, and to do this  David H, Tarim and Mike are proposing that we legally turn BotLab into a co-operative entity with members and a management committee.  
</p>

<p>
Note that <strong>membership of Hackspace is not the same as membership of BotLab</strong>.  Membership of the co-operative means you have a say in how it and the Hackspace are run.  Therefore everyone involved to become a member of the co-operative.  <strong>There is a nominal one pound one-off membership fee for joining Botlab</strong>, which also amounts to your legal financial liability.  
</p>

<p>
In order to do this, we need to call a meeting to adopt a new constitution, sign everyone up as members, and then elect the Directors, who will act as the board of the co-operative for a year; and the roles of Chair, Secretary and Treasurer.
</p>

<p>
We are having a meeting at <strong>7PM ON THURSDAY 16TH FEBRUARY 2012</strong> and everyone involved is kindly requested that they attend.   The objectives of the meeting will be to:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run through what BotLab is and how it relates to Hackspace.    </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Adopt the new constitution.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Get everyone signed up as members.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Review our financial position.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Elect new directors and the roles of Chair, Secretary and Treasurer.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Drink a BotLab beer with fellow Botlabbers/Hackspacers.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
The meeting will legally be two meetings in one, back-to-back:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     An <strong>extraordinary general meeting</strong> to adopt the new constitution, followed by</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     An <strong>annual general meeting</strong> to appoint the various roles and approve the accounts.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
The following are the documents relating to the meetings:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     <a href="/dwiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=botlab-notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-2012-02-16.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" title="botlab-notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-2012-02-16.pdf (48.1 KB)">The notification of the EGM.</a> (legal stuff)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     <a href="/dwiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=botlab-notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2012-02-16.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" title="botlab-notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2012-02-16.pdf (48 KB)">The notification of the AGM.</a> (legal stuff)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     <a href="/dwiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=botlab-special-resolution-2012-02-16.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" title="botlab-special-resolution-2012-02-16.pdf (26 KB)">A copy of the special resolution to adopt the new constitution at the EGM.</a> (legal stuff)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     <a href="/dwiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=botlab_draft_new_constitution.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" title="botlab_draft_new_constitution.pdf (227.2 KB)">A copy of the draft new constitution</a> (READ if you can so you know what you&#039;ll be adopting).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     <a href="/dwiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=botlab-details-of-new-coop-structure.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" title="botlab-details-of-new-coop-structure.pdf (55 KB)">A copy of a short-form details of new co-op structure</a> (<strong>READ THIS as well as or instead of 4</strong>).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">     <a href="/dwiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=botlab-membership-application-form.pdf" class="media mediafile mf_pdf" title="botlab-membership-application-form.pdf (70.2 KB)">A membership application form</a> (<strong>FILL THIS IN and bring a copy with you on the night along with a ONE POUND membership fee</strong>).</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 — <em><a href="mailto:&#x6d;&#x69;&#x6b;&#x65;&#x40;&#x6d;&#x62;&#x68;&#x61;&#x72;&#x72;&#x69;&#x73;&#x2e;&#x63;&#x6f;&#x2e;&#x75;&#x6b;" class="mail" title="&#x6d;&#x69;&#x6b;&#x65;&#x40;&#x6d;&#x62;&#x68;&#x61;&#x72;&#x72;&#x69;&#x73;&#x2e;&#x63;&#x6f;&#x2e;&#x75;&#x6b;">Mike Harris</a> 2012/01/15 18:54</em>
</p>
