
<p>
From Jon at leeds hackspace
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Stay on top of all the boring bureaucratic stuff. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ensure whatever you go for you can afford (if you have a firm commitment to membership and some savings that will cover you for 12 months then you&#039;re you should be ok).</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Don&#039;t go for somewhere out of the way - a nice central easily accessible space will pay dividends in new members. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If you can get somewhere small with current membership and there&#039;s room to expand if membership explodes then that will be a major plus - moving SUCKS. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
From Paul at leeds hackspace
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Make sure anyone you need to communicate with had your new address. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Remember to cancel the phone/electricty/milk, etc. Otherwise six months later you discover thet you&#039;re saddled with a large unpaid bill for a service you haven&#039;t been using, and didn&#039;t know about because the bills were sent to someone who no longer comes to the hackspace. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Many of our problems may have been exacerbated because we didn&#039;t just move spaces, we pretty much rebuilt the whole organisation. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
From Russ at London hackspace
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> London managed to get a 300% bump in membership revenue in 4 months which covered significant rent increase</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What you need to try and fathom how many more potential members there  might be, and if there are, why they haven&#039;t already joined.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Try and work out how to spread the word further than the current community. Have a big moving-in party. </div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
To contact
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> nottingham</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> brighton</div>
</li>
</ul>
