
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="hackspace_members_meeting_8_april_2014">Hackspace members&#039; meeting 8 April 2014</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Hackspace members' meeting 8 April 2014" [1-55] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="agenda">Agenda</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Process for electing new committee at the AGM</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> What to do with donated electronics</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Use of new space in G10/G11</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any proposals for equipment to purchase</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Agenda" [56-242] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="attendees">Attendees</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Russell D</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Patrick N</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> David W (minute-taker)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Kai B</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> John D</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pam</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tom G</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> David H</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Toby S</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Tarim</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Attendees" [243-392] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="topics_discussed">Topics discussed</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>AGM:</strong> DW clarified situation with AGM timing</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Electing a new committee at the AGM:</strong> </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DW and DH clarified the existing system ?TODO - no aversion to increasing size of committee</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Concerns: system that we have favours incumbents, need to give new people a chance</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: people need to understand that elections are happening and people can join the committee</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: Issue with committee size - how do we regulate this?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Issue of new people and regulating sizes are different issues</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Do we open up voting to the whole membership or just the people at the AGM?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: have an “associate committee” role in parallel with full committee members - give people an easy route into seeing how the committtee works - PN: perhaps treasurer needs an associate</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> 2 posts will be available at next AGM</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> ⇒ publicise better in advance of next AGM?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: Hackspace has many members who take part in running of the space/organisation without being on the committee - role of the committee is solely a way of formalising the decision-making process - ⇒ associates not really needed as yet, except for admin! ⇒ before the AGM, committee to discuss and publicise admin roles</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Committee also has a role for ensuring things are done - e.g. random emails from 3rd parties - committee has a role in filtering this</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: perhaps there is a role for associates in taking a greater part in e.g. responding to incoming requests - “if anybody *wants* to have access to this list…” as an opt-in</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Returning to discussion of mechanism: use counting of votes for and against, and choose people with strongest majority? but what if we have multiple unanimous votes?; people apply to specific roles? DH: important to be clear to everyone at the start of the meeting what the system is, e.g. there will be 5 committee members at the end of the meeting and votes count accordingly? </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: have a set period to apply for election; if we have too many candidates *then* we decide how to deal with it?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: start by saying you have to be at the AGM to vote? With some proxy system to allow for input from people who are unable to attend?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: if we have too many candidates, get them all to cast lots for places? Only problem is if there is 1 person noone wants to work with… </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> General consensus on TG&#039;s proposal!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  Destination of donated electronic components (bequeathed to Marcus Valentine who donated them to the Hackspace)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: has been sorting them - proposes sorting them, picking out a quantity that we could conceiveably use (of the useful ones) and sending others to other hackspaces</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> RD: improvement: before distributing them, make the unwanted ones available to hackspace members if they want for &gt;=1week</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> RD: split up big boxes of resistors first into smaller quantities? but that&#039;s a lot of work. Or just keep them in stock if they aren&#039;t going to go off? </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> First job is to stock-take so we know what we have, </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Problems with sending to other spaces: don&#039;t know if they want them, and have to pay the postage? (get people to come and pick up their own stuff!)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: happy to sort the ICs, wants 1% resistors kept, not going to do it all! RD will help - make a spreadsheet with all items</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> 3 piles: unsorted, sorted-to-be-kept, surplus (open to membership/other hackspaces/anybody)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Jay points out other hackspaces are just getting started and would appreciate any donations - invite them to get in touch!</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Donations more generally</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: what do we do with other donations? do we accept them, what happens? </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> RD: what if equipment with value turns up? Would be a shame if it was just dumped…</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Have just instituted [<a href="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/wiki/doku.php/3boxsystem" class="urlextern" title="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/wiki/doku.php/3boxsystem"  rel="nofollow">http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/wiki/doku.php/3boxsystem</a> 3 bin system] - gives people 3 weeks to express interest. Is 3 weeks long enough? Esp. if we get a big donation that fills the bins? </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: still in beta, will see how it works and adjust accordingly!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: what if companies tried to use us as a dumping ground? ?TODO</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Use of extra space in G10/G11</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: storage boxes for members - e.g. Really Useful Boxes (strongly suggest that people use those, because they stack) - or just *require* people to use specific box</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Jay: could get a discount if we buy in bulk - get people to express interest on mailing list</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Shelving - should we spend money on it? Tarim: has sorted it - we have the frame parts, all we need is wood for the shelves… </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Buy in a stack of boxes and let members pay for it? Matt V has already bought in some boxes - but maybe invest in a good system for the future. Filing cabinets as a better use of space? Not necessarily for members&#039; personal storage</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Size of boxes: e.g. RUB 35l &amp; half that height - ~£5 and ~£10</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> ⇒ DH to put a proposal to the mailing list</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Additional equipment required?</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> (storage - see above)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> RD: better chairs! something padded, more consistent… Pam: could get office chairs cheaply from auctions (BCVA business auctions in Ashton - also other things)? Diversity is good… “Contemporary and eclectic”! </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Not enough time to get a committee decision between listing and auction - but someone could get approval to spend up to a certain amount on a certain number of chairs - RD to put a proposal to the list once he has an idea of the figures involved</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> TG: surface-mount soldering equipment? We have a hot-air rework station and Ian&#039;s toaster oven, but something a bit more professional? Nudge Ian to provide instructions on use of his oven?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: hand tools? good screwdrivers etc., tinsnips</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DH: ask the mailing list! DW to organise</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> RD: MarkForged carbon-fibre 3d printer?! $5000, shipping in “second half of 2014”? Tarim: suggest to Knowle West Media Centre as they have big funding…</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> BV Open Studios</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tarim: Happening at end of May - Weekend of 31 May/1 June</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Good opportunity to show our work off</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PN: make some flier to distribute? Barney made some for the Maker Faire</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Topics discussed" [393-] -->