
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="hackspace_proposals">Hackspace Proposals</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<strong>N.B. If you have paid for goods or services on behalf of the Hackspace, you should reclaim the money using the <a href="/dwiki/doku.php?id=botlab:expenses_claims" class="wikilink1" title="botlab:expenses_claims"> expenses claim form</a>.</strong>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Hackspace Proposals" [1-200] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="aims_and_objectives">Aims and Objectives</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Hackspace Proposals are a mechanism to put forward project ideas that would impact on the Hackspace and its members - e.g. infrastructure changes, additional tools and equipment, furnishing the space.
</p>

<p>
Proposals should:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> be clearly defined</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> provide information on their intended goal, who they will affect and how</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> state what they depend on in terms of resources</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> include a budget if applicable with a funding model (e.g. self-funded, part-funded, match-funded)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> have one principal proposer</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
For proposals to be deemed successful they must achieve support from:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> five Hackspace members (exclusive of the initial proposer)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> three members of the committee (not counted amongst the above), to be discussed at the next quarterly committee meeting</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Aims and Objectives" [201-999] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="funding">Funding</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Some proposals may require financial backing.
</p>

<p>
Dependent on the scope and remit of certain proposals it may be appropriate for full or partial funding by Hackspace. Proposals should include an estimated budget (backed by quotations, etc where appropriate) and a funding model.
</p>

<p>
Funding models may include:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> full funded by Hackspace</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> a percentage split between Hackspace and supportive member backing (including match funding)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> fully member supported</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
If you have paid for goods or services on behalf of the Hackspace, you should reclaim the money using the <a href="/dwiki/doku.php?id=botlab:expenses_claims" class="wikilink1" title="botlab:expenses_claims"> expenses claim form</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Funding" [1000-1637] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="knowing_whether_you_need_to_make_a_proposal">Knowing whether you need to make a proposal</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
#TODO: fill in this section
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Knowing whether you need to make a proposal" [1638-1723] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="how_to_make_a_proposal">How to make a proposal</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fill in the template form below</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Post to the members mailing list</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Create a wiki page in the &#039;hsproposals&#039; namespace containing the completed form and named in the format “yyyy-mm-dd-proposal-name”</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Add a link and info in the table below.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>The easiest way to create a new proposal page is to edit this page, duplicate and modify one of the lines in the table, save the page, click on the red link you have just created and click on the &#039;Create&#039; link next to the search box at the top of the page.</strong></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "How to make a proposal" [1724-2278] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="existing_proposals">Existing Proposals</h2>
<div class="level2">
<div class="table sectionedit7"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0 leftalign"> Date      </th><th class="col1 leftalign"> Title       </th><th class="col2 leftalign"> Proposer          </th><th class="col3 leftalign"> Status          </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> 03/10/2013    </td><td class="col1 leftalign"> <a href="/dwiki/doku.php?id=hsproposals_2013-10-03-example-proposal" class="wikilink1" title="hsproposals_2013-10-03-example-proposal">Example proposal</a>     </td><td class="col2 leftalign"> ST        </td><td class="col3 leftalign"> Awaiting Committee Review        </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> 11/02/2014    </td><td class="col1 leftalign"> <a href="/dwiki/doku.php?id=hsproposals_2014-02-11-arduino" class="wikilink1" title="hsproposals_2014-02-11-arduino">Purchasing proposal</a>     </td><td class="col2 leftalign"> RD        </td><td class="col3"> Agreed</td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT7 TABLE [2311-2607] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Existing Proposals" [2279-2608] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit8" id="proposal_template">Proposal Template</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Proposal Template" [2609-2640] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit9" id="hackspace_proposal">Hackspace Proposal</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
<strong>Title:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Submission Date:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Current Status:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Proposer:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Description:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Budget:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Funding source/model:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Resources depended upon:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Member supporters:</strong>
</p>

<p>
<strong>Committee supporters:</strong>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "Hackspace Proposal" [2641-2888] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit10" id="to_resolve">To resolve</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Use <a href="/dwiki/doku.php?id=talk_hs_proposals" class="wikilink2" title="talk_hs_proposals" rel="nofollow">discussion tab</a> of this page to find resolution to the following queries:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> is there a time limit on proposals validity? for garnering support and for implementation?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> what happens if it needs to be actioned sooner than the next quarterly committee meeting?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> should it be a percentage of the hackspace membership rather than an absolute number to reflect the interests of a growing membership?</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "To resolve" [2889-] -->