
<h2 class="sectionedit1" id="signs_for_the_hackspace_wall">Signs for the Hackspace Wall</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
If you want to add to these or have a better way to word existing ones then edit them here and print out and stick up a new copy.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Signs for the Hackspace Wall" [1-173] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="bristol_hackspace">Bristol Hackspace</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Our aims are to open up technology to anybody who takes an interest in it.
</p>

<p>
Web site: <a href="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/" class="urlextern" title="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/"  rel="nofollow">http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/</a>
</p>

<p>
Mailing list: <a href="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/maillist" class="urlextern" title="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/maillist"  rel="nofollow">http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/maillist</a>
</p>

<p>
<abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr>: <a href="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/chat" class="urlextern" title="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/chat"  rel="nofollow">http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/chat</a>
</p>

<p>
Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/bristolhackspc" class="urlextern" title="https://twitter.com/bristolhackspc"  rel="nofollow"> @bristolhackspc </a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Bristol Hackspace" [174-490] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="equipment_and_safety">Equipment and Safety</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
You are responsible for your own safety and to not endanger others.  Only use equipment if you&#039;ve been trained in its use.  Or as they say at Nottinghack, “Do not be on fire!”
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Equipment and Safety" [491-699] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="new_here">New here?</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
You&#039;re welcome to visit us on our open Thursday meet-ups.  If you want to drop in more than once or twice a year; want to use the space at other times or use any of the equipment then we&#039;d like you to become a paid up member.  Pay what you feel it&#039;s worth to you.  People pay between £10 and £40 per month.
</p>

<p>
<a href="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/signup" class="urlextern" title="http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/signup"  rel="nofollow">http://bristol.hackspace.org.uk/signup</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "New here?" [700-1070] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="sign_in">Sign In</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Please put your name in the Sign-In Book whenever you use the space.  It helps us apply for funding; get concessions and show what a useful asset we are to the community.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Sign In" [1071-1261] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="please_hack_and_do_not_hack_signs">Please Hack and Do Not Hack signs</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
David W has made some signs for the shelves of tools, projects and raw material:
</p>

<p>
<a href="/dwiki/lib/exe/fetch.php?media=do_not_hack_please_hack_signs.odg" class="media mediafile mf_odg" title="do_not_hack_please_hack_signs.odg (40.7 KB)">Please Hack and Do Not Hack signs</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Please Hack and Do Not Hack signs" [1262-] -->